Update docs around Atlantis Routing (#552)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/deployment.md

Atlantis [Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/runatlantis/atlantis/).

### Routing

> Because Atlantis needs to both receive webhooks from your Git host and iteract with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Atlantis and your Git host need to be able to route and communicate with one another. Your Git host needs to be able to send webhooks to Atlantis and Atlantis needs to be able to make API calls to your Git host.
```

> your Git hosts API, it must be routable to and from that Git host. If you're using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using 
```

a public Git host like GitHub.com, GitLab.com or Bitbucket.org then you'll need to
expose Atlantis to the internet.

If you're using a private Git host like GitHub Enterprise, GitLab Enterprise or

> Bitbucket Server, then you just need Atlantis to be routable to and from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bitbucket Server, then Atlantis needs to be routable from the private host and Atlantis will need to be able to route to the private host.
```
